My entire life has been a constant struggle against one, overwhelming force: apathy.

The truth is that life is incredibly boring.
Children are not allowed act without supervision, young adults are sent to school, and adults to work.
There isn't a single moment where people are allowed to truly live.
Worse, people are taught that it's *normal* to live without enjoying a single element of their own life.

I realize that I am priviledged to live the life I have lead.
I am smart enough that school never posed a problem and I have never suffered from any ailment I couldn't overcome.
My family was wealthy enough that I could do anything I wanted to do growing up, but there was just one problem: I never wanted to do anything.

School was so slow that I found myself miserably depressed in every class.
Sports were so easy that I never really struggled.
Games were a fun escape, but I always felt sick after wasting my time on them.
It really felt like everyone else was going through life in slow motion -- doing the bare minimum to survive and nothing more.

I wanted my life to be more than a waste of time.
I wanted some sort fo meaning.
I wanted to do something great -- not because I wanted to be remembered for generations to come, but because I could not stand the life I lead, and the life I would continue to lead if I kept walking down the same path.

So I did what anyone would do: I tried harder by teaching myself anything I found interesting.

In elementary school, I was reading a huge number of books and realized that if I hated my life, I might be able to live vicariously through characters I wrote instead, so I began to write and draw comics regularly.
In middle school, my interests had evolved and I began playing video games, so I taught myself to program.
In high school, I became interested in research and began reading academic literature to see if there was anything I could do to expand the boundary fo human knowledge.
This eventually lead me down the academic path through college, where I attained my PhD and later contiunued my research at the leading university in my field.

Even with that, I never managed to find something I found truly interesting.
I was doing what had never been done before every single day, and yet I still found myself steeped in apathy.

So I again did what anyone else would do: I tried harder by delving deeper into every area of interest.

I increased the quality of my work outs and in a few years became one of the best atheletes of all-time.
I began reading more and more, creating ground-breaking discoveries and became a world-leading researcher in my field.
I began publishing my stories and became an award-winning novelist.

I kept trying more and more, and yet no matter what I did, I never felt fulfilled.

I began to realize that everything humans have ever known is boring to me.
The only excitement can come from probing the unknown and doing what has never been done before, but there was a problem with this as well: I had become the boundary of human capabilities.
Everything I had ever done was in the past and therefore in the realm of human understanding.

No matter what I did or what I would do in the future, my life would be become known, and I would become boring.

These thoughts haunted my every action, so I ran from it all.
I had made enough money to sustain my research and live comfortably on my own for the foreseeable future.
There was no reason to interact with people who would inevitably waste my time, so I bought a small cottage out in the woods somewhere far from the nearest city and began my life as an independent person who would do whatever they could to lead an exciting life.

In the end, I guess this is the story of my fight against apathy.
A memoir of sorts... or maybe more of an anthology?
I an not really sure where to place this in the literary world, but I suppose the best place to start is at the start, the night I finished the most interesting invention I have ever made.

As I closed the door behind me, my eyes adjusted to an all-too-familiar sight: a desk with an amber lamp casting light onto a simple keyboard and mouse, along with a few monitors flashing with code.
On the far side of the room was a shelf, filled with an assortment of textbooks ranging from neuroscience to quantum field theory, many of which were tattered and worn from years of constant use.
There was a single open window on the far wall onlooking a field of tall grass that flowed gently in the wind, illuminated by moonlight and stars.
Below the window rested a workbench of sorts with a large metallic box emitting a mechanical hum along with periodic whirring.
The box had a glass screen and occassionally flashed from the inside, illuminating a few mechanical arms twisting and turning about, proding at a complex metallic circuit on the table.
Notes and annotated papers covered nearly every other open corner of the room, with certain stacks held in colored bins to uphold the semblance of order.

This was my workshop.

I sighed a bit before sitting and checking the results of the lastest tests.
For the first time in weeks, they all seemed to pass after my major refactor to make everything more user-friendly.
In hindsight, I am not sure why I did that.
I was the only user and it costed me a month of development time.

Regardless, the timing could not have been more fortuitous, for that was also the evening the 3d printer would finish building the SPICE circuit-board.
After it was done, all I had to do was plug it in to the nearest monitor, install my custom operating system, and type "run."

This meant that I had a rare hour or so of respite before I could run the experiment.
My eyes drifted somewhat lazily to the window above the printer and I suddenly realized how late it was.
I entertained the thought of getting a decent sleep for once, but there was no reason to stop now.

Instead, I thumbed through the theory papers I had written years before:

"Towards an experimental test of the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics."

"A theory of communication through strings."

"Entanglement of large-scale electrical circuits through electron resonance."

The latter was known as my "breakthrough" paper that allowed researchers to extend the josephson junction to currents beyond supercurrents.
The other two were not particularly well-cited or published in respected journals.

Quantum mechanics has always been such a weird field of study.
We know it works and use it all the time for engineering, but don't know *why* it works.
The further we looked into the *why* the more confused everyone got, so people just stopped looking.

Ah.
Sorry.
I suddenly realized that I am writing this for a more general audience than those that would read my papers.

I'll try to keep the technical jargon out of this from now on.

Essentially, what I was trying to build was a portal to another reality,so to speak.
Honestly, it was less of a portal and more of a video-conferencing device.
It was essentially a 2-way device that would be able to receive any information being sent from any of the many worlds in the same location I was in.

The only problem was that this device was only capable of receiving information, not sending it.
I had yet to figure out how to transmit information.

Research is all about building methods one step at a time, and my first step was building a radar.
The next step would be building the radio tower.

This would already be an incredibly ground-breaking advancement even if the only thing I saw was random noise.

I heard a loud buzzing from the printer and literally jumped to it.
The hardware was done.
The software was ready.
Within a few hours or work, everything was assembled.
I turned off one of my monitors and plugged everything in.

There was a moment of trepidation at this stage.
I was genuinely afraid to turn it on.
I had been working towards this single invention for months... Years even, and yet here I was at the last step somewhat terrified of my creation.

What if it doesn't work?
What it it does work and the many worlds are proven false?
What if I mis-wired a resistor and I start to smell that sweet, sickening smell of burnt electical equipment?

I sighed.
It was 4 AM.
I hadn't had proper sleep in days.

As I closed my eyes, I could feel my head droop slightly and decided it was time to turn in for the evening.
I would check it in the morning with a fresh set of eyes to make sure nothing was broken.

I turned off the monitor, turned off the lamp, and walked out of the room, resolute in my decision to sleep.

I ended up returning with my toothbrush still in my mouth and pajamas only partially on before turning everything on for the first time.

I didn't know what I was expecting, but I certainly was not expecting such a clean and clear result.
See, I decided to sweep through a huge number of worlds in parallel -- one for each pixel on my screen.
Because there were an infinite number of worlds to go through, I was hoping to record a video for a few hours with one pixel flashing for 1 second of a random color.

What I saw instead was something mesmerizingly beautiful: random noise.
You know how TV stations will sometimes cast static -- the fuzzy black and white signal with white noise?
That was precisely what I saw.

At my location, each world was sending information it didn't mean to send because it did not know how to transmit information!
This made sense.
All the worlds near me probably had versions of me, and I had no idea how to send information -- but I *did* know how to analuze the signal I got.
All I needed to do was wait to find a world where someone *had* figured out how to send signal and mimic their design.

Surely one of my many world counter-parts had figured it out, right?
I had even launched an optimal control method to seek out the counterpart more efficiently than the brute-force approach.

I sat there for hours with toothpaste dripping onto my shirt, unable to remove myself from the chair.
Partially because I fell asleep.

I awoke several hours later to birds chirping in the neighboring meadow, and as I wiped my eyes, I noticed the static signal was missing and had turned completely black.

It crashed.

There must have been a memory leak somewhere in my code.

"Well, time for some debugging!" I said to myself, silently wondering if the static from the night before had all been a dream.

It was only then that I remembered that the operating system and programming language for many-worlds computation was completely custom and hand-designed by me.
I had failed to actually create a proper debugger for these types of things, and not only was the problem massively parallel, but it was quantum as well.
